README.md, before:

# Forbidden Lands
An **UNOFFICIAL** system for playing Forbidden Lands on Foundry VTT.  
It provides support for **character sheets only**, game content should be drawn from official source books.

## Install
1. Go to the setup page and choose **Game Systems**.
2. Click the **Install System** button, and paste in this [manifest link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/master/system.json)
3. Create a Game World using the Forbidden Lands system.

## Supported Modules
- [Calendar/Weather](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/calendar-weather/) will be configured with the correct calendar, support for seasons, dusk/dawn, and recurring events
- [Virtual Tabletop Assets - Tokenizer](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/vtta-tokenizer/) is supported on all character sheets

## Sneaky Preview
![Character 1](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/character-1.png?raw=true)  
![Character 1](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/character-2.png?raw=true)  
![Character 1](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/character-3.png?raw=true)  
![Monster](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/monster.png?raw=true)  
![Chat](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/chat.png?raw=true)  

## To be done in the nearest future
Nothing. Any pull request is welcome !

## Related Website
- https://foundryvtt.com/
- https://frialigan.se/en/store/?collection_id=84541866032

## Side note
Buy this game. Seriously. Buy it.

## Licence
[GNU General Public License v3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)

Commit message:

Implement 0.7 dice API and add support for Dice So Nice

README.md, after:

# Forbidden Lands
An **UNOFFICIAL** system for playing Forbidden Lands on Foundry VTT.  
It provides support for **character sheets only**, game content should be drawn from official source books.

## Install
1. Go to the setup page and choose **Game Systems**.
2. Click the **Install System** button, and paste in this [manifest link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/master/system.json)
3. Create a Game World using the Forbidden Lands system.

## Supported Modules
- [Calendar/Weather](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/calendar-weather/) will be configured with the correct calendar, support for seasons, dusk/dawn, and recurring events
- [Dice So Nice](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dice-so-nice/) version 3.0 or later will give you beautiful 3D dice for each roll
- [Virtual Tabletop Assets - Tokenizer](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/vtta-tokenizer/) is supported on all character sheets

## Sneaky Preview
![Character 1](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/character-1.png?raw=true)  
![Character 1](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/character-2.png?raw=true)  
![Character 1](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/character-3.png?raw=true)  
![Monster](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/monster.png?raw=true)  
![Chat](https://github.com/Perfectro/forbidden-lands-foundry-vtt/blob/master/asset/chat.png?raw=true)  

## To be done in the nearest future
Nothing. Any pull request is welcome !

## Related Website
- https://foundryvtt.com/
- https://frialigan.se/en/store/?collection_id=84541866032

## Side note
Buy this game. Seriously. Buy it.

## Credits
Dice graphics recreated by [Tomasz 'jarv' Dobrowolski](jarv@monochrome.pl) with permission from Fria Ligan.

## Licence
[GNU General Public License v3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)
